Improve Docs on scope.yml (#243)
undefinedlabs/scope-docs: docs/javascript-installation.md

Example value: `974c3566eb8e221d130db86a7ce1f99703fe2e69`

> > This parameter may also be configured in `scope.yml` through the key `commit_sha`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Because the commit info is highly dynamic, I wouldn't recommend setting it in the yaml file

Author: ok I'll also update the specs

Examples values: `https://github.com/undefinedlabs/scope-docs.git`, `git@github.com:undefinedlabs/scope-docs.git`

> > This parameter may also be configured in `scope.yml` through the key `repository`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter may also be configured in a [`scope.yml` file](javascript-configuration.md) using the key `repository`.
```

Example value: `/home/user/projects/scope-docs`

> > This parameter may also be configured in `scope.yml` through the key `source_root`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This parameter may also be configured in a  [`scope.yml` file](javascript-configuration.md) using the key `source_root`.
```
